Moderator: Okay, I've started the recording. So just to confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P14: Yes.
Moderator: Okay? And are you comfortable if we decide to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with other Va partners, and we'll let
Moderator: be blurring out any identifiable information.
P14: Yes.
P14: Yeah. Okay.
Moderator: We'll ask it at the end, too. If you change after we go through what we are doing today. Okay? So
Moderator: before we look at the caregiver program online form. If I can talk today, we have a couple of warm up questions for you about your caregiver experience. So you've said, you've never have you ever applied for the comprehensive assistance for family caregivers, or you said you weren't enrolled.
P14: I don't think that I don't think that we ever were. I do know that at some point I was a I was a caregiver for my dad, who is an army veteran. And he was in hospice, and then we had some
P14: sort of we had some Va. In the middle of it. The Va. Contacted us, and I didn't, you know. And I I think it was because of the way that we had everything set up, and he was set up in tricare but it was. It seemed like an ad hoc thing, and I
P14: actually can't recall if I reached out to anybody in the Va. But there was a lot of because he was a veteran. There was a lot of
P14: contact that was made during the time that he, as he was getting, you know, really more fragile before he passed away.
P14: But before then I had just helped him with a lot of the his regular tricare visits, and not like anything that was
P14: explicitly Va related.
Moderator: Thanks for sharing that here.
Moderator: Okay, so you have heard from the of the program before.
P14: I I mean, I've heard of
P14: support programs. I don't remember if I've heard anything about comprehensive care. So I you know. So
P14: yeah, if.
Moderator: Have you ever interacted with the Va. For other family member or caregiver benefits before.
P14: no, I have not. I'm trying to think
P14: cause my uncle was in the army, but we didn't really. Yeah, we didn't really
P14: do much
P14: explicitly with the Va. I did do a several phone calls, and we got some supplies and things for my dad.
P14: but that was about it, and that was a I remember being a little bit surprised, and, you know, ungrateful. But I didn't. I was like I don't know what.
P14: I don't know what the impetus for this was to be honest.
Moderator: Got it.
P14: So.
P14: okay.
Moderator: Can you tell me in your own words what it means to be a veteran caregiver?
P14: Great question. I mean
P14: because I was the daughter of a veteran. Right? It.
P14: I knew
P14: a lot
P14: about the military to begin with. So I think that was a good point or a good background and context to have with regard to veteran affairs, to know that there is, there are representatives that could support veterans in different, you know, across different needs. I did know some of the possibilities of getting extra
P14: financial support through the Va. From for my dad's care as he aged.
P14: I just didn't really have much information about how to go.
P14: how to access that other than being told that there was a lot of paperwork and then
P14: And then, knowing that there were some hospices that that cater to veterans needs, like
P14: the gratitude for service because there were a couple of people who came by from a hospice that was that focused on Va
P14: the
P14: the surprise, the pleasant surprise that
P14: by getting some of the supplies that we did because we got some, you know, bed covers and different things like that, because he had a hospital bed.
P14: But
P14: but it was also
P14: I didn't have a lot of background. So I remember thinking, I wish there was a better way that
P14: veterans could be briefed on this, or could get
P14: understand better what their what their rights were, especially so far out from retirement. I mean, I think you get a lot
P14: as you're coming up to retirement. I know my dad did, but
P14: And then there were certain things that you might need as your active duty or not, or even in the reserves.
P14: But
P14: but there wasn't a lot of public
P14: information about it unless you were
P14: directly, you know, needed to go to the hospital, or you were still active, and you may have gotten wounded, or things like that. So, or if you had a disability?
P14: There are other things. So it was kind of hard for me, as a
P14: hasn't
P14: advocate for health to know
P14: what specific things. I should
P14: I could get word from my dad, from the from the Va. And then to have an understanding, as I'm a veteran myself and
P14: my husband is. And so it was.
P14: Yeah, it will it? Knowing a lot more about the tricare, you know, the active health health support was what we were
P14: most
P14: focused on, and I think there needs to be maybe more
P14: publicity or better ways of informing
P14: service members, especially retired service members of the service services that are available to them, because it seems like, because there's such a long delay that
P14: between like, say retirement, and when you really need support. That it would, unless you're you know you have a disability or or
P14: or something conflict. Trauma, you know that would. It was just hard to know if that makes sense.
Moderator: Yeah, it does.
Moderator: Great, that's really great feedback. Thank you.
Moderator: So on that topic as a caregiver, how would you like to learn about programs like the program
Moderator: for comprehensive assistance, for family caregivers. In what ways other than kind of an ad hoc ish, would you like to learn about that?
P14: I mean, that's a great point, especially, for I think there's a missed, potentially missed opportunity
P14: for people who are who have like tricare coverage. Because there's so many different networks now, because, like I'm I'm part of the uniformed Services family health Care Plan, which is tricare prime and a lot of network providers are actually confused.
P14: Cause like.
P14: we're in an area that we can go to Johns Hopkins or Johns Hopkins community care. So they're like under this tricare umbrella
P14: but because there are a lot of civilian doctors, and and they know the military, but they don't, because they're like look close to them in a base or whatever, wherever so they've seen them. A lot of them. They don't know some of the
P14: some of the needs. I just know that that's a
P14: they get insurance paid that we have insurance, and they get insurance, you know, payments.
P14: And I. So I think if there was a way for tricare to sort of like. Have a list, you know. Va, the Va. And tricare to have a better
P14: a better partnership, so that
P14: the Va. Was like. Oh, these are all the folks who are in a particular health insurance, a military health insurance, and we know that they're going to be transitioning into Medicare plus.
P14: you know, plus tricare, and our aging. If we could
P14: get the the
P14: insurance providers who are in, or the providers who are under that tricare to have va
P14: information to provide to
P14: veterans as they're like going to their regular wellness right? Oh, by the way, did you know that you could do this in addition to
P14: your services, or we should help you enroll with this, and not necessarily make that the provider's job, but at least make it a conduit.
P14: because otherwise it is ad hoc, right? It is me finding out
P14: as a surprise, trying to be a better advocate for my dad or maybe even my kids trying to be a better advocate for me.
P14: It's it's it's very ad hoc and we have to go out and go to the Va. Site and figure out what what that means, and navigate that rather than another healthcare person who works with the military, saying.
P14: Here's an information brochure. Maybe you should go here
P14: and then, or and register, or something like that. Did you know cause it kind of was a hunt, a hunt and peck instead of a.
P14: you know. Here's the conduit cause we still would have to go and do our own work, anyway. But just not, you know, not even. It's like a awareness lack of awareness, unless you go out and you become an advocate. And then you go. Oh.
P14: look at all this stuff, you know that I should have done a year ago, right? So that's you know.
Moderator: Awesome. Thank you for that feedback that's really helpful for us to hear all that detail.
P14: I hope it. Yeah.
Moderator: It helps.
P14: So.
Moderator: If you were completing a caregiver benefit form today, like the one that we're going to go through. What information do you think you would need to have before completing the form.
P14: Oh, that's a good
P14: question. I mean how
P14: how any caregiver support
P14: is is related to.
P14: You know the current
P14: care that they might be eligible, for, because it's the same thing that happens.
P14: In a in several years. Probably in 8 years or so, I'm going to be looking at Medicare, and so I helped my mom with it. But it was really not clear how medicare coverage overlapped with tricare coverage, and how
P14: any of those other services overlapped with any existing coverage. I think
P14: people forget, unless like you said like, I said, unless they're they're folks who have active disabilities when they were in the service that
P14: that allow them that connection, you know, to stay. Keep that connection with the Va.
P14: Or unless you know, they're coming off duty and are getting care by the Va. So that their primary care, or their, you know, insurance, or whatever it might be, has that sort of connection.
P14: Most people who are really healthy veterans who may need extra care because of their because of the service that they provided to the country
P14: don't even know
P14: that that's available, because they've just gone, and.
P14: you know, done the the usual thing. And then all of a sudden, the Va. Says, Oh, there's a veteran in our roles, and they're in hospice. Maybe we should reach out and contact them.
P14: So
P14: yeah, so I think it needs to be more proactive and just stronger conduits with existing care, especially for people who
P14: oh.
P14: who have been.
P14: you know, who've been retired for a while. I noticed that with the same thing happened in with the reserves is that they had to do an overhaul of like reserve retirement, because many people in the reserves
P14: don't actually touch base again until until you know, several years after they've retired before all the retirement services kick in when they turn 60. So there's kind of a
P14: it's very easy to forget
P14: that these people are out there, and that the services exist and should be provided to them for their service.
P14: so it's like, almost on the the onus is on the service member, which is great, we should all be responsible for our care. But
P14: but when
P14: you know, when you don't even know that there's an array of services that can be there. You you can't even you don't even know what to fill out, and you don't know how it overlaps with anything else, or whether it makes you ineligible, some for something or not.
P14: So.
Moderator: It's really helpful feedback. Thank you for sharing all of that.
P14: I hope so. Yeah, I know I've I've done interviews like this, too. So sometimes I'm like, Well, maybe it's too much.
Moderator: No, it's all good.
Moderator: So now we kind of got through that background a bit. Now let's change gears. I'm gonna put a link
Moderator: in the chat for you to open and share your window. This is our testing site, as we had mentioned earlier. So
Moderator: if you could just open that page, and then share your screen with me in zoom, and let me know when you're ready.
P14: Then I have
P14: bunch of stuff.
P14: Yeah.
Moderator: Close. Take your time. Close in whatever you need to.
P14: Can you see that?
P14: Yep.
Moderator: I can see.
P14: Yeah, okay, is that big enough? Or should I make it.
Moderator: Yeah, do it. However, it works for you. However, you would normally do it. It's fine.
P14: And I'm gonna be looking at the second screen. So I'm gonna be looking at it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: yeah. So I guess on this page, if you could review this page, and just remember to think aloud and tell me your initial thoughts and expectations of what you see here.
P14: I mean in terms of a form it looks
P14: it's got good
P14: usability.
P14: Of course, this Va form 10. Is this the is that the form that's just been digitized here.
Moderator: Yeah, is that how you take that label.
P14: Yeah, that's how I take that label. And so I'm not sure.
P14: Yeah. So that's that's fine.
Moderator: Can you explain what you're thinking about there? What triggered that form
Moderator: mentioned.
P14: Yeah, I mean, I was just. I was wondering. Oh, is there more information? Should this be linked? Should there be a link here that gives me more information of it, or back
P14: in the background. Is it a requirement for the Va to to identify the form that it's this digital representation is from
P14: cause if it is, if it is, that's fine. But I don't really see the need for it.
P14: I mean, it could be some that Va form identifier could be somewhere even lower, or, you know, not even cause it's kind of it made me stop and go. Do I need another form. What do I need to do?
P14: Was there, you know. So I don't know from a user interface perspective, if this is necessary, or if it could be a footnote unless it's a requirement that when you present this information digitally, you have to identify the
P14: source form from which it came.
P14: But that's a small thing. Most people would probably gloss over it.
P14: One thing that I would like to see is like a definition of what this is right, it says, use this form to apply for the program of comprehensive existence assistance for family caregivers. But there should be a sentence somewhere that says this thing can can give you.
P14: You know our program is here to to support
P14: family members or friends who are
P14: who are helping support
P14: the holistic care veterans, or something like that, because now that we've talked about it, I know. And now that you asked me for a Usability study, I know that this is a program. But before then I didn't even
P14: know what it was. And that and also that's why I asked you if I never registered. Does that mean that I'm not eligible to give you feedback. So
P14: I mean, in terms of the user interface. This is great right cause. It tells you. Step one step, 2,
P14: right? What? You'll need.
P14: this. It might be nice to have a link
P14: to the Va. Medical centers here, right? You also need to share the Va. Medical center rather than somebody having to look it up and say, did I get the name right? Did I get that, you know? Is it.
P14: Walter Reed, what? What other than than Walter Reed? Is there? Because some people don't remember. They just go. Oh, I go to the Va. Place that's near my, that's in my hometown.
P14: Right? They don't say, but if there's a and I know you have a database
P14: of them, so if you could just put, you know, a pull down there that says, you know, select from this
P14: list of where you go. That would be great.
P14: because it would offload work for the user.
P14: this is.
P14: it might be good to have video
P14: a little bit embedded video that says, Hey, you know, if you want to go here. You can go to this.
P14: follow this link. But let me tell you, and
P14: and 2 shakes what this thing is, rather than having to
P14: cause. I know that
P14: a lot of veterans
P14: would have to make this a lot bigger to read it if it if it's a caregiver, even if it's a caregiver.
P14: you know, like I was
P14: You know, I'm older, too.
P14: So it would just be nice in terms of when you're trying to find care for somebody to have a little video that says.
P14: by the way, this is what this is, what the program is, right?
P14: so that you can help make. Yeah, make your parent, you know. So a little video noted right here in the middle
P14: would be very cool. But the information is good. It's just can you make it in multi channels, multimedia channels?
P14: The hotline is good.
P14: like this right? Because this is
P14: similar to what I would.
P14: What I would do for the for the find, the
P14: you know list your Va. Medical Center. That would be great if you have that, or even easier. If you have a instead of the
P14: directory, if you have the pull down that says, select where you're
P14: coming from.
P14: or where you take your parent to, or your sister to, or your spouse to.
P14: Okay. And I like that start is at the top and at the bottom, because a lot of people will just go. I'm not reading this. I'm gonna start
P14: so
P14: awesome.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you for all of that feedback. It's really helpful to talk through
Moderator: on a scale of one.
Moderator: Yeah, before we start, though, one question on a scale of one to 5, 1 being very poorly, and 5 being very well.
Moderator: How prepared and informed do you feel about starting this application?
Moderator: And why.
P14: Good question. I don't know if I want. I I'd have to just say Oh, I would have to find a day, probably the weekend, where I would have the 15 min when I'm you know, or I'll be sitting next to my dad, or something like that. And when I have the 15 min to look up all this information.
P14: Otherwise I would be. I would want to have the video or the information. You know here.
P14: like, what is what is this? Sorry? What is this program about before I started? And I don't. I don't even know. You know you may be eligible, but you're you're not. Oh, but if you're relative, yes, okay, you know. So I have to.
P14: yeah, I have to.
P14: It would be really nice if there was a video that goes through all these questions and the fact, and then also includes this
P14: this fact. Or FAQ, because
P14: the main reason why I know that
P14: this is even possible is because you, because I was looking at the
P14: the
P14: are you willing to participate in research?
P14: That, said I would at least start it and see I would have enough information to go. No, this is where I can get some, some, some relief, maybe, or some help that I might need cause. It's a lot of care.
P14: so I would probably still start. But I wouldn't. I would feel like 50 50 in terms of how prepared I am other than
P14: this stuff, the social security number, and that you know the explicit things that you need.
Moderator: Got it so 50, 50, maybe a 2 and a half.
P14: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Yeah. So like 3, yeah, 3, maybe 3,
P14: 2 and a half or 3. Yeah, neutral.
Moderator: Sounds great. Yeah. So now, if you could go ahead and start the form.
P14: See one to 5.
P14: So how do you want? How do you want me to do the dummy data
P14: any just the same?
Moderator: You could enter in real stuff if you're comfortable with it, or enter in fake information. If not, and I will prompt you on the social security number to give you fake one there.
Moderator: and it's our testing site. So you don't have to worry about it going anywhere. But just use what you're comfortable with.
P14: I mean he's passed away now. But
P14: What's the social security.
Moderator: We'll do. 3, 2, 1.
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P14: Oh, county
Moderator: Yeah, what are you thinking as you go through that field.
P14: Oh.
P14: I'm sorry! What's that?
Moderator: What were you thinking as you were going through that field.
P14: I wasn't sure. I I thought I could look at this. Yeah, okay, makes sense. Yeah.
P14: But I guess, yeah. So now I that makes more sense, because the if there's an OP occupational therapist that needs to come by, it would be nice for them to know where they need to.
P14: You know where they need to drive what their network is in terms of providing
P14: help. Or if there's a physical therapist that needs to come to the house, or something like that.
P14: or a nurse that needs to check blood pressure, etc, etc.
P14: That would be. It would be good to know the county.
P14: So thanks for.
Moderator: Going back and explaining that. So yeah, if you can continue on and just keep thinking aloud, as you've been doing.
P14: None of these work, by the way, anymore.
Moderator: Is it the Autofill you mean, or what's not working.
P14: I mean, that is so that these are these are not. These are real numbers, but they don't. They're no longer.
P14: They're just because I remember, yeah, yeah, yeah.
P14: whoops.
P14: Oh.
P14: I mean, these are all easy to fill out right?
Moderator: Yeah. So just keep thinking aloud as you go through this question.
P14: Yeah, see, this is the this is where the like. The the pull down would be better
P14: to have
P14: rather than or just, or or here you could say
P14: if based on your address that you just entered in because we entered in all that at that data you should be able to create a select query
P14: for your database that pulls back all the ones that are in a hundred mile radius of that. I mean, you know target
P14: best, buy home depot. They all do that. So
P14: it's technically feasible
P14: to do it.
P14: yeah. So I don't know.
P14: Oh, yeah.
Moderator: Yes.
Moderator: you would prefer to, I guess not. Search for Va. Facility. You'd mentioned a dropdown like a list, or just have it recommended to you. Is that correct?
P14: I mean. I think so. I think if if the if it can't find anything close to the veteran right? I think it should be a a dropdown, so I think it should be 2 steps, I should think, in this, in this
P14: and all this information I mean, you are asking for the county, so you could know how to bring a a care team to the home or to help the veteran get to a care team right? If you have this information in an application or in the database already.
P14: you could definitely.
P14: technically feasible to have from here, in this next thing a under the hood program that would select from the list of medical Va. Medical centers or clinics that are within a 50 mile radius or 100 mile radius of that
P14: that address that I typed in, and that would result in a pull down that gives those centers. And then an option to say, I want to go.
P14: you know. I don't want, you know. Don't use my address. Give me all of them.
P14: so that in case I'm moving around I could
P14: select a place
P14: rather than me having to go. Wait! I don't know where my dad goes.
P14: I have to go look it up, and I have to go out of this form, and I have to go into either his paperwork, you know, print paperwork because he would like print paperwork better, or I have to go to another website and look it up and then come back to the application. And you know you have our information right there. I gave you a whole bunch of information, and you told me why you needed the county, and so I'm like, well, then, you know why I would need an easier way to
P14: 2
P14: to to look up, you know, or be recommended a place that I could take my dad
P14: so for now I'll just put
P14: it's
P14: and I don't even know what the postal code is for. That's the other thing it's required. But and you know, so you're making me do the work. And I just gave you a whole bunch of privacy information about us. So that's not.
P14: It's a simple usability thing. That's why. And people and companies that make money like best buy and target and everything. They're always saying.
P14: What's what store would you like to go to.
P14: you know? Very easy for them. So it's technically feasible.
P14: I don't know what the I don't know what the do. I have to do. The Zip code.
Moderator: Yeah, how would you expect that to work? Just kind of try and
Moderator: search and find his facility
Moderator: as if you were doing this on your own again?
P14: Right? So I would go. Walter Reed.
P14: zip code
P14: right and see if it came back. And that's kind of a pain. Okay, so here, 2, 0 8, 8, 9. And right, it's the
P14: alright cool. Why did I have to do that work? And now I mean, look what you did. You already looked it up because you did a very simple select statement on those on, on the thing I entered here, when you could have just pulled it all up.
P14: based on, you know, or even made it a pull down like, you know. Where? Where are you? Where are the places that you'd like to go 15 miles within
P14: I mean, I know this gives the user more
P14: more agency, if you will, but it also makes it harder because and a lot of people like my dad would be like, this is too hard. Forget it. I'm just gonna go to tricare and we can go to nighttime pediatrics, and you can get somebody that you know, or if I fall down, then I'll go to the hospital, and they'll tell me who my caregiver is, and you know. And so and I'm like, Okay, they won't they? I can guarantee you that an 80 year old man is not. Gonna and especially if he was a green beret is not. Gonna
P14: look this all up. He's gonna just go. They'll take care of me, anyway, because I'm a veteran
P14: and
P14: the interface should, is easy to do.
P14: Should I select one? Then.
Moderator: Yeah. Go ahead.
P14: Okay.
P14: Yep.
Moderator: Yeah, through your impressions and thoughts as you're going through this page, and then I'll pause you for one more question.
P14: yeah, I mean, this is, this is fine, you know.
P14: again, it's like the onus is on you, right? So that's fine. But you know this is the facility you told us, instead of saying we'd like to confirm
P14: and I know if you did A B testing, it would be different. But it, you know.
P14: it's just a little the language, you know. So we'd like to confirm what you just said. Do you think this is where you're going.
P14: and then
P14: and maybe why, this is different, right? This is different from the one where he's going to get treatment. And you can just say, you know, even though yours, if if it's the same, don't do anything. But again, you could do a check
P14: technically of the 2. But if it's different, you can explain to the caregiver so that they're not confused why, this is different than the place that they're going, and it's just to help.
P14: It's just because that's probably the closest place that people can help you with the application, right?
P14: Because there's nobody at Fort Belvoir. So there's probably somebody here that can help you with the application and also knows the program because they have a caregiver support coordinator.
P14: But any
P14: an average user would probably say, Why are they different?
P14: Because they might not read this little paragraph here.
P14: and that was my 1st thought is that they're different. What does that mean, and then I had to reread it and.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for talking through that. Is it clear? If you wanted to change the facility you selected.
Moderator: Can you walk me through? How you would do that?
P14: It's that's a great question. It's not clear, you know, that you can say, is this, is this correct? Right? So this is, that would be, why, you would have a confirmation instead of saying, This is the facility where you told us is like
P14: this is what you know. What would a better way to say?
P14: just confirming that this is the one that you you know that you want? If if so, let's continue. If not, you know. You can always go back, you know, back, button up here rather than down here.
P14: You know. Go back and change it, cause
P14: undo is like one of the
P14: one of the
P14: easiest but
P14: most important
P14: design features you should have, because human beings are always wanting either comp to confirm what they did because they made a mistake, or they want to go back. Because they made a mistake. So yeah, I it wasn't clear right? So that I could go back.
P14: I mean I probably would. I would go. Oh, no, that's not the one or my dad would go. That's are you crazy. That's not the one we're going to, and so I'd have to go back and do this
P14: all over again.
P14: So the good thing is that it remembered. I don't have to like refill it in right?
P14: I don't know. Maybe if I put something
P14: different, would it?
P14: That's not? Gonna
P14: oh, okay, so I could do something different.
P14: Let's see what happens when I
P14: yeah, see, there's a different one again.
P14: so. But they're both Va Medical Center. So why is this is as my kids would used to say.
P14: And so there should be an explanation that says
P14: more than this, you know that, so that somehow that makes you expect. Well, I guess this is fine, but I know that my dad wouldn't read this.
P14: I know
P14: could say they're different, because, you know, if if you see they're different, it's because one place has a character support.
Moderator: Thanks for all that great feedback on that facilities piece on the before we kind of go on to the primary caregiver.
P14: Okay.
Moderator: Gonna ask you another rating question. Same scale, one to 5, 1 being very poor, 5 being very well.
Moderator: how would you rate this facility, selection process
Moderator: from the search to this page. Here.
P14: I would probably do neutral. I mean it has all the information
P14: there which is great. But it
P14: but it
P14: in terms of usability. There are little features that you could do that are better like the
P14: like, the pull down saying, based on the information based on where you live and where the where your veteran lives.
P14: This is what we, you know. We, we think, you know, are the ones that you might be close to correct or not, or here, pull, you know. Use this to search for a whole list of the facilities that would be
P14: more usable. So I would say, this is neutral, like I said, it has all the information that I need. I did take a moment to read it and go. Okay. Now it makes more sense.
P14: but I was annoyed that I had to go off off Page to find them
P14: stupid zip code for the for the Va. Place that I know that I drive my dad to all the time.
P14: and so cause you don't remember those things. And so.
P14: rather than you telling me. Oh, based on your Zip code.
P14: where where your veteran lives. Here are the places that we think you're what you drive to all the time. Or if none of those are the places that you go. Here's a list of all of them that you can select from
P14: that have the Zip code, because it's in our database. We're not gonna let you play guessing games.
P14: So yeah.
P14: But again, like I said it, it has all the information here.
Moderator: Awesome we can continue on. I'll quit pestering about this question.
P14: Thank you.
Moderator: For all that great feedback.
P14: One thing I am worried about is, we are taking a lot of time, and I do have to leave at like 3, 35. But anyway.
P14: so let's see, it's probably because I'm talking too much. So this is nice, right knowing about who qualifies. So this is a good thing to have like as a as a as a accordion. Open.
P14: Let's see.
Moderator: Can you tell me what a primary caregiver means to you.
P14: I mean
P14: I would. I would say that that's a good
P14: modifier, a good descriptor for primary caregivers. I would say things like, I'm a primary caregiver for my dad. When I have to talk on the phone with people, and then they would ask me if they could talk to him to make sure for security reasons. Right?
P14: For my mom.
P14: So yeah, I think it makes sense. A primary caregiver is. It's for me. It wasn't that I had an official designator.
P14: Which is what it looks like. This is a primary caregiver is somebody who
P14: is. The major advocate is the person that drives them to
P14: to appointments is the person that makes sure that they go to their physical therapy, or the physical therapist comes to them.
P14: I didn't know until I just read that it's a designated and approved by Va. What I was always told
P14: was that the the primary. If you really want to be primary, then you have to have like a you sign the health release form right? So that so that my dad says yes, she's authorized to be my representative, and even a power of attorney. That's what I ended up having to do, and putting that with their with all their profile information in there. My chart?
P14: you know, in their digital
P14: their digital medical record stuff.
P14: I didn't know it was design. It was designated by Va.
P14: That might be how they found me actually, when they when my dad was sick.
P14: I didn't know about the secondary.
P14: That's interesting.
P14: Is secondary. Then, like a physical therapist, to provide personal care, services or occupational therapists, is that is that what is that?
Moderator: Is that how you're taking, how it's explaining it? Here.
P14: Well, it looks like it, because it's a secondary family carers to provide
P14: personal care services. I mean.
P14: I guess it could be, you know, like another
P14: family member.
P14: like it says there, under relative
P14: I guess, to drive people places. But also when you talk, when you're sitting in the hospital or the clinic, and talking to it.
P14: general, like a
P14: like a primary physician. Right? You're
P14: or your regular physician, you
P14: somebody saying personal care would be like an occupational therapist who would come and help give somebody a bath.
P14: so not just somebody who, like drives them around to their appointments, which is what this kind of
P14: yeah, the secondary doesn't have any meaning to me.
P14: I I mean, I guess it does, because one is a designated official, and the other is sort of like people that just help in the network in the village.
P14: But just this part personal care services made me think of like an occupational therapist or physical therapist, or a nurse that does blood pressure, or does an insulin thing, you know, measurement or something like that.
P14: So I'll just say, yes.
Moderator: Yeah, just go through the form and add yourself, like you were applying for a primary feel free to use fake information
Moderator: whenever you feel comfortable.
Moderator: Fine.
P14: And then
P14: that was fine. That was just standard.
P14: Let your put your stuff in there. Yeah, I don't know.
Moderator: Fake one here if you want.
P14: Yeah. And I don't know. So why do you need the primary caregivers identification? Because this is a usually a privacy act.
P14: request.
Moderator: Yeah, can you
Moderator: explain to me more? Just kind of what you're thinking and your background around that.
P14: I I mean I
P14: when I when I'm applied to be like a representative and a primary care, or somebody who
P14: the form would be released to.
P14: you know, or or any medical information would be released to in my father's record. I just brought like
P14: the there's a hospital form. It's like a hipaa related form. You know. I I designated this person to be my representative. And you can share information with her, and her relationship is her daughter. I never had to put my social security number and then the other thing was a power of attorney. There's not a social security number in a power of attorney. It's like, you know, notarized by a lawyer that I'm who I say I am, and there's all my points of contact. But there's never a requirement for
P14: social security number. And the more databases that have your social security number, you know, the more there's potential of
P14: an issue number one and number 2. Usually when you ask for somebody's social security number, you put the 1974 privacy action. But that's
P14: you know most people would just do it would just probably put their social security number in. I'm just telling you that because I know that that's a way to.
P14: I don't see why there's
P14: you ask you.
P14: The interface gave me information about why why, you needed the county that the veteran lived in, but there's no information.
P14: you know. Oh, I guess it's it does say, here, you know.
P14: we'll need.
P14: Oh, this is okay. So it says, we recommend providing it's not required.
P14: But I guess the yeah. So so benefits make sense.
P14: that makes sense.
P14: But you have to read it right, and I choose not to. Is that okay?
Moderator: Yup, of course. Thanks.
P14: So yeah, use the same address.
P14: Or I could. Okay, that makes sense. Just gonna
P14: it's not the same. But that's good enough for the purposes of this.
P14: and I would have done it this way. Just the mailing address the same, so that my, because my parents would want to see the mail right that I get for it.
P14: And then I change it as needed.
P14: because I would be visiting them to help them anyway.
P14: So he'd be like, what are you getting for? Helping me out?
P14: And I'd say, Here's the mail. It has my name on it, or he'd go. Why did I get a letter to you, and so
P14: but I could put my stuff. It's just easier for our purposes right now.
P14: and that and that was all fine. I mean it. These fields are pretty standard. The only one is, if, like I have to look up stuff for for the Va. When
P14: it's easy for the Va. To provide that information
P14: because of the
P14: databases that you have, I know under the hood. That's that's the problem I would have.
P14: And maybe here when I was giving you all the complaints
P14: social security. Maybe that would be bigger, you know. Why do we cause it'd be something like primary caregivers identification? You know, you could say in bigger letters, why do we ask for this? And it's like, so you can get money for helping your because you're doing a lot of work, you can get benefits for helping your. You know your spouse friend.
P14: father, rather than having it in this
P14: in this font right
P14: here? Because because
P14: it's almost always good to cause you have the same thing in your why do we ask you for the county? It could be here. Why do we ask you for this, and then and then cause then somebody my! I would have read it 1st and stopped complaining.
P14: Thank you for that.
Moderator: Feedback.
P14: If you can.
P14: So let's see
P14: yeah. So I'm just gonna put
P14: Demisto.
P14: Oh.
P14: and then
P14: I'll just pick.
P14: This isn't correct, either. But
P14: it's all pretty standard. Let's see, what is this? Yeah, okay, it's good.
Moderator: I'll pause here, and just kind of want to ask what a secondary caregiver means.
P14: Yeah, here we go.
Moderator: Now that you see this page.
P14: Yeah.
P14: so this is a better
P14: background. And I see why you probably did it as just personal care services before. I think you were trying to be shorter, right? So that people don't have to read
P14: a wall of text.
P14: but maybe even not even say anything about a secondary until you come here.
P14: Right? Because because the primaries cares about the primary because they're officially designated.
P14: So when you were back here.
P14: see?
P14: Yeah, I don't know why.
P14: you might even just say, you know, family caregivers are approved and designated by V as primary care, because this one is almost like you're approved, and you have the seal of approval, and then you can say something like
P14: We'll get to secondary caregivers. I don't even know that you need to say that until we get to the
P14: until we get to
P14: here, here, cause there's only gonna be one person, probably
P14: that's filling this out. And so they're going to be focused on them being the primary caregiver. That's what I was always focused on, and then I might go. Oh, wait!
P14: Oh, this is good. Now I can put my brother in here
P14: right, and so cause there's a backup. Oh, great! That's what I would cause. I wouldn't be thinking about
P14: my brother until
P14: until I got to here.
P14: I don't know.
Moderator: That's really great helpful feedback. I'm gonna select. No, just because I know we're coming up tight on time.
P14: Time. Yep.
Moderator: But I'm curious if you were completing this form for real, and we're applying with the secondary.
P14: Yes, I'm just looking to see. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. It's all.
Moderator: The same stuff.
P14: Okay, go ahead.
Moderator: So I guess. How would you coordinate if getting that information, if, like you had mentioned it was your brother that was applying for a secondary.
P14: Well, if it was somebody close to me, right? It would. I would already have that information, probably
P14: or I would. I mean. I think most families will talk about that, because the information that you would give are addresses and information that you probably would already have.
P14: You're they're probably already sharing, going to going to the hospital, or something like that. They might even be emergency con, you know, secondary emergency contacts on something. So I don't think
P14: you have to worry too much about getting that approval, because yes, my assumption would be, the family has already talked to
P14: somebody about doing it like, if my mom was doing it, for example, she would go. She would call me and say, Can I put your information in here? And I'd go. Yeah, you want me to come over and help you.
P14: And so, and she'd be like, Yeah.
P14: you know, so that I don't think
P14: I don't think that this, that that's a concern, because everything that you ask for here
P14: is the same
P14: right? What? Their what is their date of birth? What are they like, what's their relationship? Are they a friend? Are they a spouse?
P14: So it's not like. And I didn't see
P14: any requirement for a social security number. So I'm pretty sure that that would be.
P14: Yeah. I don't think there's you don't have to worry about that.
Moderator: But thanks for all that feedback, and you kind of answer this, but you wouldn't necessarily have to sit down and complete the form together, because you mentioned kind of coordinating it all beforehand.
P14: With the secondary caregiver.
Moderator: Yeah.
P14: Yeah, I don't think so. I mean.
P14: if somebody came in cold
P14: and saw that they might leave it blank and then say, can I fill it out later? Which I think always should be, you know. Can I edit because times change right? Maybe I get hit by a bus, and my brother's the
P14: one that takes over then he should be able to go in here and change things.
P14: so I think if somebody didn't have a secondary caregiver, they would skip it just like we just did, and if they did, they would be close enough to that person that they would have that information about that person
P14: pretty much at their fingertips. Maybe, with the exception of the birthday. If it's just like a neighbor, something like that.
P14: Does that make sense? So then they might call their neighbor and say, Hey, can. I'm asking you because I want to get you a gift, and I'm filling out this form.
P14: or whatever.
Moderator: That's great feedback. Thank you for all of that. So yeah, if you could continue on, and just in your own words, describe what this page is asking you to do, and what it means.
P14: This is pretty standard for somebody who's been a caregiver for somebody. Right? If you're the
P14: if you're the representative, say what you're doing right. Cause that happens with voting with other health forms and things like that. And then.
P14: yeah, so see, this is the valid power of attorney, leader gardening. These are all things that I would have already had.
P14: It might be
P14: yeah. And if I if I had been any of these things, I would know what these forms are, I hope.
P14: or I would copy this and search in Google and find out what that form is to make sure that I had. I had the right form.
P14: I don't know if a person who's less comfortable with the web would do that, but that's what I would do.
P14: The one thing that I think you should put is that when we started this whole application you didn't ask me you didn't say, have you said, have your social security number ready, or have the social security of the veteran?
P14: The place where they usually go?
P14: You didn't say the Zip code of the place that they usually go and the
P14: and I think one other one or 2 other things which are pretty that I would have had available anyway. But I wouldn't always have my power of attorney
P14: cause I would just go through this whole thing and go. Are you kidding me?
P14: I have to go get the power of attorney now.
P14: Yeah. So
P14: so this should be told upfront that you should, you know.
P14: cause this is another. We can't accept this because people will have a driver's license.
P14: or even yeah. The release of information might be in like my my chart
P14: medical profile.
P14: But see uploading a document that we can't accept will delay the application process. Well, then, why did I spend 15 min, and I didn't know at the very beginning that you gave me.
P14: Does that make sense.
Moderator: Yeah, that's great feedback. Thank you. And we're coming up close on time. So are you a legal representative?
Moderator: If you were filling this out. Would you be signing as a representative.
P14: Yes, because I I if if.
P14: while my parents were alive, I was their power of attorney. After a certain age, I became so when they were like in their sixties or seventies. I think I became part of the release in case I had to go help them
P14: with something. When I was stationed
P14: close to them when I wasn't stationed close to them. Of course. You know they they had each other as the emergency contacts.
P14: But once they were
P14: needed help more driving. We talked about, and they like fell.
P14: I became the power of attorney, and my brother was also. He was like a secondary power of attorney in the case that I wasn't
P14: you know I was incapacitated. So yes, that's what I would. That's the exact way. If my parents were still alive I would be signing.
Moderator: Thanks for that feedback. Can you change your answer to the veteran signing just because it'll take you through the upload path, and
Moderator: I want to get your feedback on this one last page because we're at time, and I know you said you had somewhere to go.
Moderator: So kind of can you talk through this page for me, please, and
Moderator: just let me know your initial impressions and expectations of it.
P14: I think I might put this. Please review the information up at the top, because I could play around with these people will expand them and go, what is this?
P14: But I wouldn't have you know.
P14: And and when, as soon as I saw my dad's information, I was like, great, yeah, okay, yeah. And then I would check it for.
P14: But it might just be better right under the thing, and then
P14: yep.
Moderator: Yeah. And I guess if you saw something
Moderator: by mistake.
P14: Oh, good question.
P14: I'm I got. I would edit it
P14: right.
P14: And I do like that
P14: up the simple update.
P14: So that's nice.
P14: because then I don't have to.
P14: Yeah.
P14: I think some people, yeah.
P14: maybe it should say, save, I don't know, save that information instead of update the page.
P14: That's the only
P14: thing that I would, in terms of this modal button.
Moderator: That's great feedback. Thank you.
Moderator: And then, as you scroll down here, what is your comfort level for filling out and signing this information.
Moderator: if there was a secondary caregiver involved as well.
P14: I mean, I might
P14: just want something. Yes, it says, I read it. I've read, except the pro. Yeah. So since there's a privacy policy here.
P14: then I would, you know. Just wanna make sure that
P14: I'm whatever I'm signing is, you know, protected
P14: But I
P14: I feel pretty comfortable. I think a lot of people just don't even read it
P14: just like everything else, like when you but
P14: and I would just skim
P14: skim this because it does look pretty. Standard and I would be more interested in, you know, making sure that it said something about the privacy policy.
P14: so that you know, because you're always afraid your information when you're submitting it online, where does it really go? And do people really care about keeping it safe.
P14: especially if you're gonna tell me that if I send you something wrong you could be
P14: go go to jail, and and I don't get any.
P14: I would like to get acknowledgement from you that it would be private, too.
P14: So
P14: it's kind of a transactional
P14: Kadia.
Moderator: That's great feedback. Thank you.
Moderator: And you won't be able to submit since we're in our testing site. But we are 2 min over. So
Moderator: I wanna be respectful. You said you had a hard stop. Correct.
P14: Yeah, and about yeah, and about 3, yeah, and about
P14: 3 min. Sorry.
P14: You probably need to do a focus group question, right? Or an interview. Do you need to do post interview.
Moderator: We just had a couple questions that I could kind of go through real quick.
P14: Can I? You want me to exit out of it and stop sharing.
P14: Yeah.
Moderator: If you want, that's fine, you can keep it up if it helps.
P14: It might help. So let me just make sure
P14: cause you might ask me a question about looking at the interface again. Yeah.
Moderator: Yeah, I guess I was just curious of what your thoughts were, of the amount of information provided in the form you gave some really good feedback and examples. But
Moderator: do you think it was too much information just enough, or too little.
P14: I mean, I think the information for the if a caregiver is applying.
P14: if that's the level of information that's needed.
P14: just to fill out the form. I think it's probably
P14: about right
P14: cause. I would expect to send my information.
P14: What? My relationship to my parent in the the Va. The veteran would be so in terms of like just the
P14: logistics or the mechanics of it of or not mechanics. The
P14: content
P14: that I needed to fill out. I think it's about right cause. I would expect that I would have to
P14: give all that information so that I could get a response back from the Va. And they could evaluate whether I'm
P14: you know, a good caregiver or qualify, or whether I qualify
P14: number one. The main
P14: issues that I had, as you heard, were the usability.
P14: Yeah, so yeah, I think it's about right. What I would expect. I can't think of any
P14: other information. And I've always been asked, you know, when they when I'm in, almost at the beginning of a conversation, why are you calling for this older person? Are you trying to, you know, manipulate them or something, and then, when they get the power of attorney, and for good reason, but then, when they get the power of attorney and all the other stuff there.
P14: like, oh, yeah, she is a, you know.
P14: infected.
P14: good representative
P14: of this older person.
Moderator: Thank you so much for all of that really, really great feedback. It's really helpful to us. And before we jump off I just want to circle back and reconfirm.
Moderator: Are you comfortable? If we decided to share a video clip of the session with our Va. Partners with removing any identifiable information.
P14: Yeah, as long as
P14: I'm I'm a yeah, I'm a researcher. It does human computer interaction. So I probably have a lot of
P14: negative things to say. I mean, it's it's as a basic interface. It's it's pretty nice. It's clean.
P14: But there's a lot of
P14: things that you could think about that would help people go through it more quickly.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you. Okay, well, we really appreciate you taking your time to share your thoughts with us today. And your feedback is super helpful as we continue to iterate and try and make the site better for veterans and caregivers.
Moderator: And just so, you know.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. Have a great day.
P14: Oh, wait! What were you gonna say? Just so, you know.
Moderator: I was just gonna say Perugian will be sending you a little. Thank you. Note. They're the ones that recruited you, and it'll kind of you can pass it along to other veterans as well.
P14: Okay, great. And there's was there. I don't know. I can't remember if there is or not. Was there compensate compensation just out of curiosity or.
Moderator: Period will be handling all of that through their Thank you. Email. So you should get all the details within.
P14: Okay, thanks, thanks very much. And good luck.
Moderator: Have a great day.
P14: You too.
Moderator: Cute.
P14: Bye-bye, bye.
Moderator: Bye.